Improve readability (#11958)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/301/index.md

---
{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) **`301 Moved Permanently`** redirect status response code indicates that the requested resource has been definitively moved to the URL given by the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} headers. A browser redirects to the new URL and search engines update their links to the resource.

> > **Note:** The [specification](#specifications) requires the method and the body to remain unchanged when the redirection is performed. User-agents may not meet the requirements. Use the `301` code only as a response for {{HTTPMethod("GET")}} or {{HTTPMethod("HEAD")}} methods and use the {{HTTPStatus("308", "308 Permanent Redirect")}} for {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} methods instead, as the method change is explicitly prohibited with this status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Although the [specification](#specifications) requires the method and the body to remain unchanged when the redirection is performed, not all user-agents meet this requirement. Use the `301` code only as a response for {{HTTPMethod("GET")}} or {{HTTPMethod("HEAD")}} methods and use the {{HTTPStatus("308", "308 Permanent Redirect")}} for {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} methods instead, as the method change is explicitly prohibited with this status.
```
